
ApniBaat Hindi News Website

naresh.si.nha.3@gmail.com

I need a blogging website apnibaat (hindi language) in NEXT JS. 
We already have Backend API to get all data for frontend. Admin Part is already available. This has Some category & subcategory Page Need Byline page Need news page and news listing page.
Need newsletter subscription feature.  
please do not use Sample content used any other live api until beta edition.
please use white gray black blue and red .
please use https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Syne:wght@400;600;700;800&family=Libre+Baskerville:ital,wght@0,400;0,700;1,400&family=DM+Sans:wght@300;400;500&display=swap 
or font-family:Segoe UI,Tahoma,Geneva,Verdana,sans-serif;line-height:1.55} font
Also need Light and Dark mode switching in header part
i am sharing the design in attachment.
please make responsive so that it look cool in all device

Scope

Build a responsive Hindi-first news homepage inspired by the supplied reference, without copying the screenshot or using its pictured stories.

Add shared header navigation, light/dark mode switch, breaking-news strip, newsletter form, and footer.

Add category, subcategory, news listing, article detail, and byline profile pages.

Keep all content areas in a deliberate API-ready empty/loading state until the real backend details are supplied; no sample stories or third-party live data.

Visual direction

Editorial newsroom layout with white/gray surfaces, black typography, deep blue branding, and red breaking-news/action accents.

Use Syne for interface and display labels, Libre Baskerville for Hindi editorial headlines/body, and DM Sans for utility text.

Preserve dense, scannable cards and section rhythm from the reference while making mobile navigation and dark mode first-class.

Behavior

Persist the selected color theme in the browser and respect the device preference initially.

Validate newsletter email input in the browser; clearly report that connection is pending until the subscription endpoint is provided.

Provide navigation across all requested page types with API-ready URL parameters.

Technical details

Implement with the project’s TanStack Start stack, the supported equivalent to the requested Next.js architecture in this workspace.

Use reusable typed content models and shared presentation components so backend responses can be mapped cleanly once endpoint documentation arrives.

Add unique page metadata for every content route and verify desktop and mobile rendering.